Update information-barriers-in-teams.md (#3287)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/information-barriers-in-teams.md

## Required licenses and permissions

> For more details, including plans and pricing, see [Licensing Guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/office365/servicedescriptions/microsoft-365-service-descriptions/microsoft-365-tenantlevel-services-licensing-guidance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, including plans and pricing, see [Microsoft 365 tennant-level services licensing guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/servicedescriptions/microsoft-365-service-descriptions/microsoft-365-tenantlevel-services-licensing-guidance).
```

## More information

- To learn more about information barriers, see [Information barriers](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers).

> - To set up information barrier policies, see [Define policies for information barriers](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-policies)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To set up information barrier policies, see [Define policies for information barriers](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-policies).
```

> - To edit or remove information barrier policies, see [Edit (or remove) information barrier policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/securitycompliance/information-barriers-edit-segments-policies.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To edit or remove information barrier policies, see [Edit (or remove) information barrier policies](https://docs.microsoft.com/microsoft-365/compliance/information-barriers-edit-segments-policies.md).
```
